Dear Senator Fetterman,

I am deeply saddened by the recent outbreak of violence in Israel and Gaza. Both Hamas’ attacks and inhumane treatment of civilians and Israel’s indiscriminate and violent response have been appalling. I am concerned this is just the beginning.

Israelis and Palestinians deserve to live in peace. We have seen over and again that this cannot be achieved through repeated cycles of bloodshed. I urge you to oppose the transfer of more weapons of war, which would only intensify this already terrible conflict. Instead, please publicly call for a ceasefire, de-escalation, restraint, and respect for international law to prevent further civilian harm. We must act to protect lives—those of the Israeli hostages and the roughly one million children who live in Gaza—and seek to address the underlying drivers of this conflict, including decades of institutionalized oppression and collective punishment of Palestinians through brutal military occupation and a 16-year Gaza blockade.

Thank you for your attention to this important matter.

,.............

Thank you for reaching out to my office. I appreciate hearing from you.

I forcefully condemn Hamas’s unjustified terrorist attacks on Israel. I grieve the loss of thousands of innocent civilians, including Israelis, Palestinians, and Americans, and am sickened by the reports of those being held hostage. We must do everything in our power to bring them home safely and quickly. 

In the Senate, I will unequivocally support any necessary security, intelligence, and humanitarian assistance to Israel in its time of need. The United States has a moral obligation to stand with our ally as it confronts this terrorist threat.

It’s critical that leaders around the world step up to prevent the spread of this war and prioritize the health and safety of civilians caught in the violence. To that end, I’m committed to ensuring that we are getting humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza – and that this aid matches the need. I’ll also continue to work with my colleagues to promote stability in the region by continuing to advocate for solutions that will address the seemingly endless cycle of violence.

The American response to the conflict in Israel and Gaza must be swift and decisive. Unfortunately, our ability to act has been hampered by political games in Washington—key ambassadorships and senior military positions remain vacant thanks to procedural obstruction caused by small handful of my colleagues. This political grandstanding has come at the expense of our national and global security, and now the world is feeling the consequences. 

Please know that I am closely monitoring the ongoing conflict and will use the tools at my disposal to bring home any Pennsylvanians who remain in the region. My constituent services team is available to help those who are experiencing visa or passport issues during this time and can be reached via email at casework@fetterman.senate.gov. Additionally, if you need to notify the State Department of a U.S. Citizen who is experiencing an emergency abroad, please call the Department at 202-485-6100 or 202-647-4000 (after hours), or contact the nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate in that country.

Thank you again for contacting me to share your thoughts. Please do not hesitate to reach out in the future about other issues of importance to you. If I can be of assistance, or if you’d like to learn more about my work on behalf of Pennsylvanians and our commonwealth, I encourage you to visit my website, https://www.fetterman.senate.gov/.
