Dear Senator John K. Fetterman,

As a constituent, I urge you to support passage of the Equality Act, which would finally provide explicit and comprehensive nationwide nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQ+ people.

Across the country, LGBTQ+ Americans face an onslaught of policies that negatively impact their professional and personal lives, threatening their personal safety and the health and wellbeing of their families. We cannot tolerate discrimination of any kind in employment, housing, public places, education or anywhere.

Explicitly including sexual orientation and gender identity in our nation’s civil rights laws ensures that LGBTQ people finally receive the same protections as others covered under federal law.

Please support the Equality Act today.

Thank you for reaching out to my office. I appreciate hearing from you.
 
As Americans, we are committed to following our constitution and defending the freedom it guarantees all of us. Our civil rights protect our freedom to think for ourselves, to speak out, to be treated equally, to love who we love, to vote for the government of our choice, and so much more. These are values and protections that make America the great country it is. 
 
As your senator, protecting and advancing civil rights are key priorities for me. For too many Pennsylvanians, the promise of true equality has not been met, and I am committed to strengthening and expanding protections that allow all Pennsylvanians to live healthy and productive lives free from discrimination. Part of that is recognizing our country’s history of discrimination against minority communities and the bigotry of preventing LGBTQ+ Americans from marrying the person they love and living lives of dignity. But we must take meaningful steps to make it right.  
 
I have always stood proudly alongside the LGBTQ+ community, and I will never stop. When same-sex marriages were still banned in Pennsylvania, I was the only elected official in western Pennsylvania to put equality first and solemnize these loving marriages. I was proud to cosponsor the Equality Act, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex, gender identity, and sexual orientation. Everyone deserves equal protection under the law, and I will not stop fighting until that happens. The disgusting bigotry and hatred that we have seen toward LGTBQ+ people across the country will not win, and as long as I’m your senator, I’ll be fighting like hell to make sure of it.  
 
Thank you again for contacting me to share your thoughts. Please do not hesitate to reach out in the future about other issues of importance to you. If I can be of assistance, or if you’d like to learn more about my work on behalf of Pennsylvanians and our commonwealth, I encourage you to visit my website, https://www.fetterman.senate.gov/. 
