Dear Senator Fetterman,

As we all know from our own lives, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, like installing smoke detectors and getting oil changes for our cars; but when it comes to conflict prevention, the United States remains slow to act. By supporting peacebuilding efforts, we can save lives, reduce human suffering, and prevent the need for costly humanitarian aid and crisis response.

I encourage you to invest in peace in the Fiscal Year 2024 appropriations bill. Specifically, I’d like you to support no less than the Senate level of $60 million for the Complex Crises Fund, $25 million for Reconciliation Programs, and the House level of $6 million for Atrocities Prevention in the final State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPs) Appropriations bill.

I hope you will also urge your colleagues and party leadership to sustain robust funding for peacebuilding programs in your FY2024 appropriations to counter and reduce violent conflict.

Thank you for your efforts to promote peace, prevent violence, and save lives.

.........
Thank you for reaching out to my office. I appreciate hearing from you.
 
In recent years, we’ve seen the devastating effects that the COVID-19 pandemic, climate change, and international conflict have had on global security. These crises have threatened peace and stability everywhere, which is exactly why Washington can’t afford to play political games with our foreign aid budget.
 
As your senator, I’m committed to strengthening our diplomatic efforts and investing in effective foreign aid programs. The fact of the matter is that we’re at our best when we dedicate ourselves to alliances that promote peace and stability around the world. To that end, I firmly believe we should be working proactively with other countries to improve relations and prevent conflict. We’ve seen time and again that the strategy of engaging with our partners only after crisis strikes simply doesn’t work.
 
Our fast-paced, ever-changing world requires a new kind of American leadership. More than ever, we need to focus our diplomatic efforts on strengthening our alliances, cultivating security, and promoting democratic values around the world. I’m committed to ensuring that our foreign assistance funding supports these goals this year and beyond.
 
Thank you again for contacting me to share your thoughts. Please do not hesitate to reach out in the future about other issues of importance to you. If I can be of assistance, or if you’d like to learn more about my work on behalf of Pennsylvanians and our commonwealth, I encourage you to visit my website, https://www.fetterman.senate.gov/.
